It sounds like it's echoing.
Echoing... huh?
How is it?
Everyone, this voice...
Does it sound doubled? Maybe?
Why?
Ah.
Ah...
Wait, wait, wait!
Could you wait a moment, please?
Starting off with a complete mess, huh?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, just a sec, okay?
How do I do this?
Alrighty!
Ah, can you hear me okay normally?
It's echoing on the stream side.
Ehhh?
H-How do I...?
ONITA OFF
Huh?
What should I do?
Okay, please wait a moment, everyone.
Ah, sorry about that.
Even though so many people came to see me...
Hmm...
What should I do?
W-W-What should I do?
The theme disappeared.
And furthermore,
Here,
Come home.
Thank you.
Kowa-maa (Scary-maa)
On my end, it's doubled.
Stacy-
san.
Waah!
Very...
The sound is still on in the browser...
That's not it...
Umm...
Ah, sorry for the rough start!
It's getting fired up for me.
I wonder why...
It was totally fine until just now.
Umm...
Well, whatever...
Well, no!
Um, can I just do the opening skit now?
Sorry for the wait!
Alright!
Okay, let's start from the beginning!
Bang!
Oh no! I'm late, I'm late!
I'm Shigure Ui, an illustrator!
I really like high school girls, but...
I'm getting older, so...
If I publicly announce that I like high school girls...
I'm starting to think that might be a problem.
So, my plan is to become a high school girl myself to smooth things over!
I've started the stream!
Hehehe.
Moo~
Was I doing that while muted?
You were~
I was doing it all by myself~
Um, is there anyone here who's a staff member?
If you know how to fix this double audio issue I'm hearing,
please tell me everything!
Ehehe.
Well, never mind.
I kinda want to cut out the beginning part, but
I guess I can't?
Well, never mind.
So, actually, I've
become able to move!
What do you think?
Ehehe.
This bread is in the way.
Oh well, whatever.
I don't need bread and marshmallows.
Tada!
Hehe.
I can move now!
You can totally tell where I'm looking, huh?
I can look down and up.
Hehe.
Huh? What?
Are any of the Hololive members here?
Oh, uh, thank you.
I, I want to find them!
I want to find them, but...
I'm so all over the place, I don't even know anymore.
Ugh, ugh, ugh.
You know, I was actually practicing a lot of skits and stuff by myself, you know?
Embarrassingly enough.
But, hearing my own voice doubled is...
I'm panicking too much to understand anything!
Ugh, ugh.
Ah, I want to add a wrench!
Wrench, wrench...
Spam?
Wrench!
I don't really know where it is.
I want to add a wrench.
I wonder if I can add it later?
Streaming is hard...
Ah, I found Tuvalu!
I found Tuvalu!
Gonna touch it.
This one?
Did it work?
I don't know.
Ah, it's not spam!
It's not spam!
Sorry about that.
It's a spanner, right?
I don't understand anything anymore...
Aaaaah...
I'm so nervous...
Geez...
This is such a mess...
Phew...
Agh...
Oozora Spam (referring to Oozora Subaru)
I laughed so hard I think my emotions died for a second.
Um, this, this Live2D model...
Was made by someone named Tona-san.
Thank you, friend.
Thank you, my friend.
Actually, even after I said I was going to stream...
Actually, like...
About six months have passed.
It's not really something to...
...be keeping secret, I guess.
First of all, for those who are meeting me for the first time...
Why is an illustrator...
...doing a virtual avatar?
Basically, you're probably thinking, 'Who the heck are you?'
Because I'm good at it, you see.
I'd like to give a quick explanation.
Um, well, I'm a VTuber's...
...of the Hololive member, Oozora Subaru's...
...kind of, you know, her supporter, or...
...her parent, I guess.
And one day...
...I jokingly used a lip-sync app to...
...do the 'Jimen-chan Babiniku' thing.
I wonder if anyone knows about it.
It's this one.
There was a time when I was really into lip-sync apps.
I got hooked on lip-sync apps.
Yeah, and with this...
...I was able to get a Live2D body, yay!
I was making a fuss about it.
Then Oozora Subaru saw that and...
...suddenly sent me a DM.
She said, "Mom..."
"...since you got a Live2D body, wanna do a collab stream?"
"I think it'd be funny if Ai-chan appeared on stream."
Oozora Subaru, who I'd barely met...
...sent me a DM.
I thought, "That's hilarious!"
It was so funny that I ended up joining the stream.
Well, I couldn't exactly go live with my hair like this,
so I thought I'd just go with a virtual avatar for a while.
And I drew a standing picture in like 2 or 3 hours.
That's this.
Look, I look a little younger than I do now, right?
Actually, when it came to animating it,
I redrew it to make it look a little nicer.
Just a tiny bit, though.
Yeah.
And I was doing collaborations and stuff with this still image,
and popping in on other people's streams,
but...
it was just so...
fun! There were so many people willing to play with me, it was so much fun!
Then, around New Year's, Sora Subaru told me she wanted my 'mom' to move too.
That made me so happy, so happy that before I knew it, this is what happened.
I started moving too!
Honestly, I didn't think I'd end up like this either, so I'm really surprised. Thanks for pulling me into this, Sora Subaru!
I'm sure the illustrators I know are thinking, 'Oh, she's finally doing it,' but I hope they'll watch over me with a warm heart.
Or better yet, get your own avatar and let's play together!
Hehe.
Alright.
Oh yeah, this is totally unrelated, but...
When I was going to talk about this episode,
uh... in preparation for talking about it,
I was looking back at my DMs with Subaru,
and...
We hit 3000 subscribers!
Yay! I'm so happy, Mom! That's the kind of
DM I received.
3000, huh...
It's gotten pretty sentimental.
Wow, to think I've grown so much... and here I am on my first stream,
wondering if it's okay to just talk about other people.
Please subscribe to Oozora Subaru's channel as well!
Thank you!
Fubuki-chan is giving me OBS advice?
Eh? There are 4000 people?
Wait, wait, wait.
Um, calm down, everyone.
No, *I'll* calm down.
Just a moment, please.
About Fubuki-chan,
I want to find out her good points.
Thank you for telling me!
I'm so nervous, I can't stop my heart from racing!
Ah-
Did it maybe get cut off?
Heeh-
It got cut off, huh.
Would it be faster to look at the tweet?
Ah, can I take a quick look at Twitter?
Sorry everyone, for looking at Twitter during the stream...
White hair
Buki
Buki-chan
Audio Details Properties
Um...
Hmm hmm.
If I turn off the monitor, I guess you won't hear episode 22 anymore.
Thank you, I'll try that.
In OBS's properties...
Um...
Microphone...
Monitor...
The monitor's off, though.
Why is that?
Could it be I have a browser open somewhere?
I did! (It was open!)
Idiot!
Thank you, Fubuki-chan.
I'm surprised at my own stupidity.
Eek!
I'm so sorry.
Haa...
Ugh...
Well, I learned something new.
So, these things happen.
Hehe.
Okay.
Seriously, thank you all so much.
I'm so sorry.
I was just, I was way too nervous.
Hehehe.
Being alone is so lonely.
Ah...
Yeah...
That's right.
I realized it from Fubuki-chan's tweet.
Yeah, with the hashtag.
About the hashtag,
I want to decide on one.
She tweeted that she wants to decide on one.
That was kind of funny.
Yeah, I want to decide on a hashtag.
Does anyone have any good ideas for a hashtag?
If we don't have one, it'll just be like 'Ui Shigure Live' or something.
Like sake (raw sake).
I can't drink raw sake, though.
I want a tag that's not too cutesy.
My first self, Kesho (makeup).
Um...
Text text.
Hashtag.
Ui Live.
Ui Nama Iccho! (Ui Live, let's go!)
Sounds good!
I want to decide on a hashtag, you know?
How about 'I Want to Decide on a Hashtag' as the hashtag?
I get it.
That's no good.
WiNama-kaa-chan (WiNama Mom)
WiNama
WiNama sounds nice.
Maybe I'll go with WiNama.
Oh, is there someone who tweeted with #Kimetai?
Thank you! I'll check out #Kimetai later.
Thank you.
Okay, I'll go with WiNama then.
W-W-WiNama
Okay!
Oh, it changed.
Haa...
Just typing these words is a struggle, you know.
Because I'm an old lady.
Haa...
Well, thank you to everyone who gave me hashtag suggestions.
Thank you, thank you.
If you tweet with WiNama, I'll secretly look at it later and smile.
The bird behind me is, the bird is getting excited.
I have a Java sparrow behind me today.
It's in a really good mood today and singing.
Sorry if it gets in the way.
Well then, now that we've decided on the hashtag...
Should I go for the marshmallows?
Marshmallows, marshmallows!
Thank you to everyone who sent me marshmallows!
I've read them all.
Alrighty!
Okay, first marshmallow!
Here we go!
Kon'Ui!
I have a question for Shigure Ui-sensei.
There are times when I feel like I'm going to lose to sleepiness while working.
What would Shigure Ui-sensei do?
I'd like to know if there's anything you do.
This, huh?
Kon'Ui!
I thought the greeting that makes it sound like there are more (greetings) was funny, so I included it.
You know how you get so sleepy when you're trying to work?
I usually lose the battle.
If it's a time when it's okay to lose,
I think it's okay to give in!
Or is it not?
Eh?
Ah.
Ah, is Aqua-chan here?
Thank you, Aqua-chan!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
I want to add a spanner, not spam!
Found...found...found it!
I want to find it!
Ah...
It's difficult.
I can't find it.
Just, just later, I'll add it later.
I wonder if I can add it later?
I'll add it later, thank you.
Wow, thank you all so much for coming despite being so busy.
I really appreciate it.
This isn't spam, by the way.
Sorry about that!
I'm so happy you all came!
Oh, and about these marshmallows...
I usually just end up falling asleep, so...
If it's not like, right before a deadline or a test...
I think it's okay to just go to sleep!
But sometimes, like with work or something...
There are times when you just can't sleep because of a deadline, right?
I think that happens.
In that case, I'll have some caffeine.
Like, I'll drink tea or something.
What was it again?
Monster or something.
Red Bull, maybe.
I could have those, but...
I'm not very good at drinking carbonated drinks.
It's not that I can't drink them...
It's just that it takes me two or three hours to drink one can.
It takes me two or three hours to finish one can.
So it doesn't really work for me.
So it doesn't really have any effect.
So when I'm gonna 'dope up'...
I drink Lipovitan D or something.
But I don't think you should take too much caffeine.
Let's sleep.
Alright, let's have this person sleep.
Alright, let's move on to the next one.
I am terribly sorry for the inconvenience.
I thought you were a hardcore fan of Ookozora Subaru.
I still think so.
That's right.
Okay, next question.
When drawing illustrations,
I'd like to know the settings for the pens you often use.
Could you tell me about that?
I use Clip Studio Paint,
as the software.
And for that,
the downloadable content,
the downloadable pen,
I mostly draw with something called 'Pencil R'.
I mostly draw with that.
For the colors, I use the thick, thick, thick watercolor-ish one that's there from the start.
And I also use the airbrush here and there.
That's about it.
Alright, let's move on to the next one.
Are you a Takenoko no Sato person or a Kinoko no Yama person?
Personally, I like Black Thunder.
I like Sakusaku Panda.
I think those who know this story are probably thinking, 'How many times are we hearing this?'
Those Sakusaku Pandas aren't being sold.
They're not being sold, you know?
Even though I like them...
Those slightly premium Sakusaku Pandas are being sold here and there, though.
But those white and black, super basic Sakusaku Pandas aren't being sold anywhere.
I wonder what I can do to help Kabaya.
Can I? I want them to put them in the supermarket near my house.
But Black Thunder is also delicious, isn't it?
If I had to choose between Takenoko and Kinoko, which would it be... I like both, but if I had to choose...
Takenoko, I guess. But let's not start a war.
Let's keep the peace. Okay, next.
I can't decide how to refer to Chigure Ui-sensei. I'm an indecisive fan. How would the teacher like to be called?
What feels right? Everyone,
What do you call me? Honestly, I'm really happy no matter what you call me.
So, Shigure Ui, Ui Shigure, Oishi Gure, anything is fine, but I think a lot of people call me Ui Mama.
I guess a lot of people call me Ui Mama.
Eh, Robo-chan's here? I wanna find Robo-chan, Supa!
I wanna give Supa a name!
How many times have we done this? And I still can't find her.
Robo-chan...
Thanks for letting me know. Even with Riga-too-ge, I can't find her.
Hmm...
Ah, sorry. Speaking of names, Robo-chan used to call me...
"Ui-chan Sensei," and I thought it was kinda cute. If you're wondering what to call me, feel free to call me Ui-chan Sensei or whatever you like, it's fine.
Ah, I found Robo-chan! I found Robo-chan! Found her, found her!
Alright!
The appeal is helpful. The appeal is helpful.
Good job. Should I end the stream? Whew.
Just kidding! You can call me whatever you like.
I wonder...
I don't really do much ego-searching, but...
When I tweeted the name of a BAD VTuber before...
I got a like, and I was really happy.
Ah, I was thinking, maybe I should ego-search more often?
I was kinda thinking that.
So, like...
I'd like you to tweet with a name that's easy for me to ego-search.
Something like that.
Yeah, that's it.
Alright!
Alright, let's move on to the next marshmallow.
Subaru-chan, please let me marry you!
Take it, you thief!
Just kidding, just kidding!
No way!
Okay, next.
I love your icon and your Babiniku
appearance, Sensei, they're so cute.
Thank you.
So, my question is,
is there any kind of motif behind it?
This, huh?
It's pretty much an afterthought now,
but it's kind of become that way.
Um...
I really, really love sleeping, you know?
Like, the day before yesterday,
I ended up sleeping for about 18 hours.
Privately.
Because I love sleeping,
I thought I'd go with a sheep motif.
Oh, I have a rough sketch!
Like, something like this.
This is what it looks like from the front.
This part of the hair...
Like, what should I call it?
I made it with the image of a sheep's fleece.
That's the image I used.
Hehe.
What do you think?
But maybe it doesn't really matter.
But I wanted to add something fluffy.
Okay.
Heave-ho.
Ah, wrong.
Erase this one.
Umm...
Maybe the marshmallow next?
Just a moment.
Something...
Erase the marshmallow.
Huh?
Something...
Doesn't anyone hear a weird noise?
Alright everyone,
So,
I'm going to try turning off the BGM.
That's the one.
Oh?
dadadadadadadadada
BAAAAAAAM!
Good evening!
This is Adult Subaru.
Here comes trouble!
It's not trouble, really.
Grandma! Congrats on your first stream!
Thank you.
Thank you~
I'm technically the one posting, so here's a handsome guy who bumped into me.
I had Oozora Subaru-san become something that bumped into me.
Yay! Oozora Subaaaa! Please!
I'm being called the noise cancellation person.
That's wrong, I'm not doing noise cancellation.
You know, I've been watching the stream with Mio-chan the whole time.
How embarrassing, this person is doubling the audio.
They're going to think I'm muted.
Seriously?
Mio-chan
I love Mio-chan's fortune telling.
Oh, I'll have her tell my fortune again sometime.
I want her to tell my fortune.
Yeah.
Definitely, definitely, definitely.
You know, I was laughing so hard at that thing.
Like, there was bread near your mouth.
I was like, 'Why is there bread there?'
No, it's like, you know, a shoujo manga thing from home.
Because it's so dramatic, like...
Because you had bread in your mouth at home, right?
Suddenly, why is there bread near your mouth? It's so funny, I was laughing so hard.
That's what you noticed?
Now the bread's position, the bread's position...
The bread's position...
Never mind.
You stopped?
Stopped.
Ah, Mio-chan, Mio-chan, you see...
This wrench, wrench, wrench... it's hard to attach, isn't it?
Ah, I'll teach you later.
You can attach them all at once?
Ah, that's right, about wrenches.
Eh, really? As expected.
You're a streaming veteran.
Yay!
Subaru, you see,
Sometimes she puts on too many and gets scolded.
That also happened, didn't it.
Well, um...
As a streaming veteran,
Is there any advice you could give me?
You want?
Eh? Advice?
Um...
Well, somehow...
Somehow Subaru is just naturally funny, so everyone's always...
Don't let Subaru eat it anymore!
Don't let Subaru eat it.
It's fine.
Hey, why are you suddenly getting so lively, Mom?
Whew!
I was getting a little...
...antsy!
Why?
You were so nervous just a little while ago!
I guess I'm not nervous when it's just the two of us.
Hey, wait!
Oh, but I'm happy.
I'm glad you came.
I'm happy!
No, really, thanks for coming.
Yeah.
Thank you too.
Amazing!
So many people are watching my first stream.
I'm too scared to even look at what's being watched.
Let's take a look... I can see it! Thank you, everyone! Thanks for watching at just the right time for a nap.
Thank you, me!
We can do a collab stream! Oh, right, I can do my perspective. How about it?
The murderous mom... I'm actually not that good at it. Oops!
I did it!
It's not the German one. That weapon has stat boosts.
Oh, oh, oh, right, the weapon has stat boosts. Oh, oh, oh, oh. The kills that my teammates get probably count towards my kills with that weapon, I think.
Yeah, Ink Armor, was it?
So, yeah, I'm not *that* bloodthirsty. But if Subaru can use it too... Wait, this is my first stream! We're talking about Splatoon!
Indeed.
Nice and hot.
Splatoon, nice and hot!
Is this your parents' place?
It's like being home, so comforting.
Um, I was wondering...
I wanted Subaru to teach me Minecraft.
Oh, sure, leave it to me!
Subaru's good at Minecraft, you know.
Really?
Yeah.
Good.
Before that, though...
Um...
I lost everything.
I'll do better next time.
So you're good, I see.
Yeah, I'm good.
You're good at losing everything?
Sounds about right.
Right?
Losing everything isn't good.
Losing everything is not good.
Teach me.
Teach me how to get good content.
Um, like, you know?
This thing here.
Like, Mom's super aware of being a streamer, you know?
That's not true!
Like, even when we were having meetings,
She was debating whether to say Subaru would appear beforehand or not.
And then,
Yeah.
Then Mom was like, 'Which would be more interesting?'
Well, I was torn, you know.
I thought it might be more interesting if she suddenly appeared.
Yeah, it was fun!
I'm glad.
Mom, is there anything else you want to do?
Hmm.
Subaru, um...
What? What is it?
Subaru, I want to color together!
Coloring? Sounds good!
Why are you laughing?
Well, it's a little... elementary school.
Coloring.
I want to color.
Yeah, I want to color and then show it to Mom.
So cute!
Okay, I'll give you my drawing.
Feel free to color it.
Okay, I'll color it freely.
Don't you want to see Oji-Oji's drawing?
What?
Okay, so...
Let's all do some coloring!
Let's just color together. Coloring... oh yeah, that's right, coloring reminded me...
I was watching Mom's stream and thought, 'So that's what color palettes are!'
And this... what was it... an illustration site? Yeah, that's right. It's kind of... it doesn't really stand out, but you can understand it.
Boo-ber Illustration site is amazing, huh? What kind of system is it?
I was told by Tsukauyo-chan, 'It's not just about using black, red, and white!' I was laughing, though.
The thumbnail was red and black text, wasn't it? Or was it black-bordered? Yeah, yeah, it was red text recently, but now it's white-bordered.
Why?
Ah, it's... Chink, it's Chink!
Ki, ki, go, something, go-saiki.
Yesterday's was red-bordered.
It was a red-bordered white Mori.
I'm laughing so hard I can't open my eyes.
Open, open!
Why won't it open?
It opened, it opened!
I almost became a character today.
That was close, that was close.
The kind where you know it's moving even with your eyes closed.
Oh no, I could just keep chatting forever.
Definitely.
How many minutes of screen time does Subaru have?
I didn't think about it at all.
Hey.
Just going with the flow.
Going with the flow.
Should we head home soon?
Huh? What should I do?
What should we do?
What's that? Hey, what should I do?
Suddenly.
Suddenly...
Suddenly, like...
That thing from earlier...
Spam, spam...
Shut up!
Spam is delicious, right?
I love spam!
You like it?
Ah, so Subaru, don't you have any announcements or anything?
Announcements?
Yeah.
Announcement: there will be hell from 11 PM tomorrow.
You're regularly doing hell streams, huh?
Yeah, this week's hell stream is tomorrow from 11 PM.
I see, everyone, let's go watch hell together.
Um, so, um, I think Tenkai-senpai already put it out, so it should be okay, but...
Hoh hoh hoh hoh.
We're doing a 'Worst Thumbnail Championship'.
Isn't that topic a little too timely?
I didn't even know that!
So, Subaru came up with this idea, and it just happened to overlap with Ojioji's plan, so we decided to watch it together.
We should definitely go see it!
Umm...
It's Amamai-senpai vs. Mai-moto Ojioji vs. Subaru!
Yeah.
And the judges are Fubuki-senpai, Dola-sama, Sasaki Saku-chan, and Jorikiichi-senpai.
Wow, that's amazing!
Wow, incredible! I've never seen a project where Subaru gets completely roasted by people she's just met.
Alright, yeah, go all out! Go all out! Use black text!
I'm going to inherit my mom's bloodline. If anything happens, she'll be like, 'She's Shigurely's kid!'
Hey, hey, hey, hey, don't smear mud on me! Hey, hey, hey!
I'm not smearing mud! I'm not smearing mud!
Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. Tomorrow at 11 PM.
Yeah, tomorrow at 11 PM on Ochiocho's channel. Please check it out!
Roger that.
Wow, I feel satisfied. Can I end the stream now?
Yeah, that's super early Subaru.
Early Subaru would stream for about 30 minutes...
And then say, 'I've got nothing else to do, guess I'll end it.'
I was waiting.
I kinda understand how you feel now.
You understand, Mom?
I understand!
Mom, aren't you gonna do that?
Like, streaming while drawing?
I wanna do it, I wanna do it!
I think I will.
I wanna do it~
Subaru should watch how I draw and...
...use it as reference.
Then let's draw together!
Yeah, let's draw together~
Yay~!
So many fun things to do~
Did you do that thing?
The hashtag, I mean.
This is a live broadcast, right?
It's a live broadcast.
That, uh, that thing...
But is there a fan art tag?
Yeah.
It's #Ui_Shigure.
#Ui_Shigure
If you draw with #Ui_Shigure...
...I'll immediately go look and save it.
Mom has 10,000 subscribers!
Congrats!
Seriously, Mom?
Mommy!
Ehhh?
Ah, thank you!
Thanks for watching, even though it was a total mess.
Thank you for subscribing!
Yay! Happy, congrats, Mom!
Thank you! Please subscribe to Oozora Subaru too!
Thank you, thank you!
Please do! I'm so happy, thank you!
Okay, last but not least, what are your aspirations for the future, Mom?
Here... Seriously... Uh... I'm gonna keep teasing Subaru about the weather!
Hey, what's this?
I now have my own frame, a new... place, so I'm gonna keep teasing her here too.
Yeah, she's completely out of control, can't put her in here anymore.
She'll just eat the bread without asking!
Seriously, I can't get her to stop eating the bread!
Well, I guess being in charge of OBS isn't so bad.
Alrighty! Hey!
Let's do this again sometime! Thank you for coming!
Thank you too! Good luck! Bye-bye!
Bye-bye!
Ah, only the publishing is left.
I really enjoy talking to Subaru. We end up having these endless, almost philosophical conversations.
I'd like to try reading it on my stream too sometime.
So, honestly, this whole being-late thing... there's a part of me that did it because I wanted to clash with Subaru.
I'll go to the normal room now.
Alright, classroom.
Isn't this super cute? This is the design for my doujinshi.
Bafa-chuu-san made it. Isn't it adorable?
And the microphone and stuff.
Ehehehe.
This is just a coincidence, but when I get close to the microphone...
Even in this illustration, she gets close to the microphone.
She looks really angry.
Alright, I'm going to continue reading the Marshmallows.
Alright, alright.
Wi-sensei, thank you always for the beautiful illustrations.
Thank you too.
I hear Wi-sensei is a DereSte min.
Please tell me your favorite character and song.
Whoa, this is going to be long.
I was the one who chose this,
But I think there might be some people who don't know Idolmaster Cinderella Girls,
So I'll explain it quickly.
My assigned idol is a girl named Asari Nanami,
She's got fluffy blue hair and loves fish, and she's kind of like a loris, but not really.
She's a super, super cute girl.
If there's anyone who's having trouble deciding on an idol to support,
Definitely,
Leave a comment,
I want you to read it.
Definitely, definitely,
I recommend her!
There are so many songs I like,
Um, the ones that come to mind right now are,
Sayonara Andromeda, and...
Milia's Romantic Now, and...
Gin no Iruka to Atsui Kaze (Silver Dolphin and Hot Wind), and...
Oh, I can't forget,
I also love Love Letter.
When it comes to cute songs,
I really like Cute Make My Day.
I love it!
Oh man, if I start talking about it, I'll never stop!
Ah, I also love Kira's full-blown smile!
Yeah, Inotaku-san, you know?
I really like him!
I also really love Crazy Crazy!
It's so good, isn't it?
Ah, is NanaKagu-chan here?
Just a moment.
I'm gonna do a super, super, super challenge!
Ah, it's on!
Alright!
Is that okay?
Hmph.
I'm used to this now.
I'm already used to being a streamer.
Just kidding!
Sorry!
Next!
Even though it's before my test, I'm definitely going to stream, says Ui-sensei!
Thank you!
Are you sure about your test?
Are you going to be okay?
Good luck with your test studies!
Do you have any BGM that you usually listen to when you draw?
If you do, I'd love to know!
Ui-sensei, both Ui-sensei and Ui-sensei's art...
This part also makes me a little happy.
It makes me happy, but I'm too embarrassed to say it myself, so I'll skip it.
It's been getting hotter lately, so please take care of yourself.
Thank you!
And to everyone who sent me Marshmallows...
Please take good care of your health!
BGM, huh? When I'm drawing, I'm usually...
Watching VTuber archives, I guess.
But when I'm working on manga names or something...
When I'm doing work that requires me to use my brain...
I listen to instrumental...
I listen to something like that.
I listen to it often.
Animal Crossing BGM
Thank you for reading the subtitles for this video.
Thank you for watching!
That's the good stuff.
It helps me concentrate and it's cute.
Please give it a listen.
Alright, then...
Eh, is Cook-tan here?
Ah, you're right!
It's amazing how calm she is and that she's talking to me.
Thank you so much.
I was so happy to get a reply.
I watch Cook-tan's cooking videos all the time.
I've been studying onions recently.
Thank you.
Just a moment, please.
Right, there's more, you know.
Um, Fubuki-chan...
I want to put it on Fubuki-chan too.
Where is she?
Ah, but...
Isn't she here?
She's not.
Why not?
Fubuki-chan...
Ugh...
Phew...
Fubuki-chan...
Oooo...
Ah, but later, Subaru will...
Subaru said she'll put them all...
She said she can put them on.
She said she can put them on, so...
Even if I miss it here...
Spanner Challenge...
I can still do it.
Definitely.
That...
I was wondering if the wrench icon appeared.
I'd like you to come and take a look next time.
Whoa, just a sec.
I'm still not used to...
reading the comments.
Hmm...
Ah!
Mr. Hiragi is here too!
Thank you so much!
Yesterday, I didn't know how to make the comments scroll at all,
so I asked about it.
Thanks!
Whoa!
Eh, is Mr. Urdan here too?
Ehhh-
Ah-
Haa...
Thank you very much.
I also...
I want to give something back.
Thank you.
Umm...
Well then, let's move on to the next marshmallow.
Here we go!
Alright!
Juu-
Yes.
Ri-san, good evening!
Good evening! I have a question right away,
Are there any foods you dislike?
I imagine you can eat anything deliciously, so I'm curious.
It's been getting colder again lately, so please take care of your health.
Thank you for always providing wonderful illustrations and fun chats.
Thank you very much.
Me too... huh? Me too?
No, that's not right. Thank you for watching.
Please take care of your health.
Um... let's see, foods I don't like... not really...
Well, there are some, I guess.
Shiitake mushrooms... shii...
But I can eat them if I try hard.
I can eat them if I try hard.
And... carrots too, I can eat them if I try hard.
Hmm... but maybe I don't really like them.
Hehe.
Eh? Gil-sama is here?
Seriously?
Really? Nice to meet you.
I always watch your streams.
Hehe.
I'm looking forward to your streams.
Please stream!
Hehe.
Thank you.
But I can't find it.
Where is it?
Aha.
W-what?
This is difficult.
I'll look for it slowly later.
Ehehe.
Thank you very much.
So many people came to see me, really.
It's very... what should I say...
It just pops up.
Ehehe.
Alright.
That's right.
So, the things I'm bad at are mostly shiitake mushrooms and...
Carrots, but...
Do I sound like an elementary school kid or something?
I saw a comment like that.
I saw it.
Is that not the case?
I'm not an elementary schooler, so I can eat properly.
You can eat properly?
Yeah.
Also, I'm not very good with spicy food.
I do like it, though.
Not at all.
Hmm.
Maybe I'm just not good with stimulants.
And carbonated drinks, I'm bad at drinking them.
Ah, Kamame-chan!
Haa, thank you for coming!
I'm happy.
I found you!
Spicy food, you know, I'm not very good with it.
My curry is mild, embarrassingly.
Yeah, but you know, I hear from a lot of people that you can learn to eat spicy food.
So I think I'll try to practice little by little.
Like, I'll try to train myself.
Okay, let's move on to the next marshmallow.
A wonderful teacher.
Sensei seems like she enjoys a relaxed and easygoing pace, but...
I'd like to dare her to try a tongue twister.
It can be a tongue twister you're confident you can say.
During the stream,
I'd be happy if you could show it off.
Ah, is it obvious that I speak slowly?
My brain, like, my words can't keep up, so I end up speaking really slowly.
But I saw in some video,
that apparently speaking faster makes it easier for people to understand the information.
So I'm trying relatively hard to speak quickly today,
but judging from the comments, it doesn't seem like it's working that well.
I'll speak faster, okay?
Watch me.
I'll speak faster.
I can also say tongue twisters.
I haven't really said them much, though.
What was it?
Nama Mugi Nama...
Nama...
Nama Mugi...
Nama Mugi Nama, sorry.
Nama...
Next!
Yes!
The light novel being released by Dengeki Bunko, 'My Childhood Friend Who Is Absolutely Going to Lose in Love Comedy'
The cover illustration is so cute, so cute!
I can't wait for the release date, June 8th! Could you tell me what the highlights are?
This...
I swear this isn't a self-written message!
But it's so incredibly detailed and polite!
From this publishing company, from the release date...
Even the title of the work!
Hey, are you a staff member or something?
It's not me!
Is it the editor? Or the author?
I don't know, but thank you for sending it!
That's right, on June 8th...
It's being released...
I was allowed to draw the cover illustration for that light novel.
This is turning into an advertisement...
It's a romantic comedy, you see.
A three-way...
Anyone who likes romantic comedies will definitely love it, so...
Please give it a try!
Oh, and also,
Um,
Around the 25th of this month, I think?
Sounds cool.
From MF Bunko J,
the new volume of 'Aoiro Noise' will be released!
Ehehe.
It's a promo segment!
And also, on the 31st,
from Yurihime-san,
there's this 'Parfait 3'
onee-loli anthology coming out,
and I drew the cover art for it,
so, um, I got to draw it,
so please take a peek
if you'd like, I'd be happy.
This promotion...
Ehehe.
Even though I'm promoting so much,
Everyone says they appreciate the promotion.
You guys are so kind!
So nice!
Ahahaha
Thank you!
Amazing!
They're all great books, so please do check them out.
If you're interested,
I hope you'll take a peek.
Hehe
Okay, let's move on to the next one!
Nice!
What's your favorite food?
I really love talking about food, don't I?
Me, personally,
My favorite foods are
Cabbage and
Cucumber and
Eggs and
Milk?
Dairy products are
Kind of like
I like them.
Ah, I'm so full.
Look at my face.
I like crunchy things and dairy products.
So, I really like it when there's egg in something.
When I told my friend I really like egg balls, they said, 'Are you in elementary school?'
Delicious.
And then...
Tteokbokki.
I suddenly feel so sad.
ampal
Egg balls are so good, you should try them.
Well then...
Onaru
In the city...
Let's talk.
Shop exchange.
I also like milk, so I have milk tea placed in front of me, or cows placed there.
Phone.
Found it.
Electronic.
Ah...
Structure
Bili
Lar
To make out (what's being said)
Yeah
Cho M n (short for Chotto Matte)
Light
I wonder if she likes egg dishes too.
I wonder if she likes rolled omelets or omelet rice.
But I pretty much like anything.
Next, let's go to Washimaro.
Nice to meet you, Ui-san. Does your Java sparrow perch on your hand while you're working?
All the time, all the time.
Choco-chan, my Java sparrow.
I was wondering what she was doing, so I took a peek and she was sleeping.
She was so excited just a moment ago.
Right, Choco-chan is usually in her cage, but...
When I, how should I put it, unleash her...
She's usually on top of my head, on my shoulder, or on my hand.
She's always in one of those three spots.
Bunchou is so cute, you know?
So cute.
Hehe.
Cute.
Yeah, I wonder what it is.
Maybe this also depends on Bunchou, but...
My Bunchou never goes far away.
He's always on some part of my body, always.
Bunchou is so cute.
Alright, let's move on to the next marshmallow.
Okay.
When I draw illustrations for a long time,
My eyes get tired, and my shoulders get stiff.
I get quite a lot of...
Physical problems.
Shigure Ui, how do you take care of that kind of thing?
That's a string I'm curious about.
I really like that last 'a string I'm curious about' part,
So I chose it.
Are you feeling alright?
You know, if you keep working like that...
Your shoulders end up like this
They start to feel sore, right?
I use a drawing tablet, though
I hold the tablet extremely close to my face
Hmm, how should I put it...
I stack a massive pile of books under the tablet
like thick Jump magazines
I raise it up and angle it toward my face
so that it's parallel, and when I draw
my posture improved a bit
Maybe angling it like that wasn't ideal
But perhaps
It could be the tablet's fault
I should regularly...
what should I do?
stand up
stand up and sit down
rotate my arms
do some radio calisthenics
That might be good, right?
Hehe.
Yeah, I tend to draw with my face super close to the screen.
You should be careful with your health.
To all the illustrators out there.
And those who work at a desk too.
You'll die young!
Let's live a long life!
Alright.
Next marshmallow!
Congratulations on your first stream, Ui-san! & Thank you!
Thank you!
Now that you're going to be streaming,
what kind of content will you be streaming?
How often will you be streaming, and
if you've decided on a streaming style, please let me know.
Sorry for the long message.
I'll continue to support you!
Thank you, I'm so happy!
Yeah, that's right.
I was just saying earlier,
when I was talking with Subaru, I mentioned a bit about it,
but basically, I think it'll mostly be drawing streams.
Yeah.
I'd like to try doing something else if there's anything I can do,
but I'm really bad at
Oh, rare Trouble.
modifications
games, I'm really bad at them. Seriously, I'm bad at like 80% of games.
I want to try Gospel.
Code.
Showing it to you guys might be a bit... problematic, because I'm so bad at it. So, I'm a little hesitant.
Drag.
Future button and paradigmas.
Subtitle adjustment.
It's a tough decision.
Hmm, oh, but Pokemon's coming out this year, right? Kentate and stuff.
Combo.
A already.
Future button's peo.
Oh, and Animal Crossing is coming out too, right? I really want to play that. I wonder if I can?
Friend Topping
Arrest
Scale
Super
Splatoon, really, it's only when I'm with Subaru that I play well. Usually, I'm like Gandhi.
Like, always 0 kills.
Ah, singing is a no-go. Really? I'm really bad at singing.
It's not something I can share with you all. I like it though.
It's kind of... doesn't fit the main stream.
Like early Vocaloid.
That's the kind of singing I do.
Hehehe
If I get good at singing, I'll sing.
Whenever that will be.
Hehehe
Ah, that's true.
But if there's a game that looks like I could play it,
By all means,
Please let me know.
Ah, the Hololive Kindergarten song was cute.
Thank you.
I'm so happy to know there are people watching.
I thought she was good at Mario Kart, but...
It's there.
No, I'm not saying she's bad, but...
That girl definitely...
Is working incredibly hard behind the scenes.
That's one of the things I love about her.
Probably like...
So, so much...
Until she's satisfied with it.
She's working so hard...
I think that's what she's doing.
She's such a good girl.
Yeah, yeah.
Ah, Mario Kart.
I want to try it.
Actually, I have a driver's license.
I can drive safely, you know.
I feel like I'm good at it.
I haven't really done it much before, but...
I guess that's about it.
If there's anything else you'd like me to do,
feel free to send a little message via Marshmallow or something.
Let me know!
Ah, horror games...
Horror games, huh?
The thing I'm worst at after spicy food is...
Horror.
I absolutely don't want to do it unless it's a punishment game.
Absolutely don't want to do it!
I'm already scared, I'm already...
I can't do it!
I'll probably, like, really...
React like someone who's really bad with horror.
I think I'll just go silent.
I won't be like, 'Kyaa!' or anything.
It'll be more like...
I don't think you'll think much of it.
Ah, if I'm with Subaru, it won't be scary.
I see.
That might be true.
Maybe it's not so scary.
Maybe I should give it a try.
But still...
Well...
Well, I wouldn't want to do it unless it's a punishment game.
Hehehe.
It's scary, though!
Huh? What? Is Fuuki-chan locking on to me?
What is it? What is it?
Hehehe.
Locking on!
I don't know what it is, but...
I hope she wants to play with me.
Hehehe.
Is that the feeling?
Heave-ho!
Actually, there's a screen that's not just marshmallows, you know.
Ta-da!
You can actually post comments properly.
Hehehe.
I wasn't very good at reading comments today, though.
No, thank you for commenting!
Oh, what? Are you locking on? A horror game?
Oh, really?
Fuuki-chan, um...
Um...
How about we play Mario Kart or something?
Hehehe.
Um, I don't think horror games are a good idea.
If we all play Mario Kart together...
It'll be fun!
Something like that.
Seriously, thank you so much to everyone who sent marshmallows!
I've read them all, every single one!
Thank you so, so much.
I'm really sorry I can't reply to them all individually,
but I think I'll be able to answer some of them during drawing streams or something,
so I'm thinking of answering them then.
It's not just questions, you know,
some people sent me their thoughts on my work and that made me so happy!
Thank you, I'm reading everything!
Thank you!
Isn't this screen so cute?
Bafachu made it for me.
Bafachu is really good at design.
I'll tell you who they are on Twitter later,
so please go check them out!
Hehe.
Oh, right!
So many different Vtubers came to watch today,
which made me so, so, so, so happy!
I'm just an independent... independent, right?
Just for fun?
I'm just doing this as a hobby, so...
To all the companies and management teams,
I will absolutely make sure not to cause any trouble
That's what I intend to do.
I'm an independent, an independent VTuber.
Everyone, I'm an independent VTuber.
No, but I'm really happy you came.
I feel so... empty.
I'm so happy I've gone empty.
Phew...
No, really, even today,
Thank you so much for taking the time out of your precious nap time
Thank you so much.
Has it been about an hour already?
No, the beginning was a total mess,
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Hehehe
Oh, today I tried my best
to hide my dialect while speaking...
Am I doing it?
Hehehehe
I think I'll probably mess up later, but...
From now on, as I said earlier, I think it'll be mostly drawing streams.
I hope I can do a drawing stream sometime this week.
It depends on my work progress, I guess.
If I do, it'll probably be late at night.
I'll let you know on Twitter or something.
I'll secretly announce it, so...
If you're free, please come hang out.
Also, this information isn't out yet, so...
I might be visiting someone somewhere next week.
Once the channel owner announces it,
I'll secretly piggyback and announce it with a 'Yay!'
So please come hang out!
Was I speaking in dialect? Really?
No, you weren't.
No, no, you weren't.
You weren't.
Let's keep it hidden.
I'm a city girl, you know.
Okay.
Yes.
I wonder if the deliveries will be finished like this.
Sorry if they're not.
Sorry.
Yes.
Thank you so much for coming today!
Yes
I'm so happy.
Thank you.
Yes
Well then, until we meet again!
Matters
Goodbye!
Unterschied
Bye-bye!
Sweetness
Is
Yes
Yeah
poner
and we don't have anything to talk about